fix: add resilience to attributes handling (#303)
cap-js/telemetry: CHANGELOG.md

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).
The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/).

## Version 1.2.3 - 2025-03-10

### Fixed

> - Don't crash in case property `attributes` of parent span is undefined

Author: ```suggestion
- Don't crash in case there are errors while determining the attributes for the current span
```
